Rwanda
the sea
it's not wanting to make lighter at the latest the country counts more and
of history who wants that
I do not choose by the stories according to two
dell to do it earlier less funny more dramatic - in the city of nancy
part is not at all
mouallem and my criteria of choice the history cdc dicte that dictates
classics in which girls are
smoking people who seems to have seduced all of all who are more violent
I do not play violence
it's a much more psychological violence some physics at
she
it's the result of two
%
there are tired bayonne a fed up of someone who acts for them
what can it not happen to it
to his legacy
as to his current state and his life and solidity
to be convinced of it it is necessary not to accept everything then why accept
nonstop
what can be said as agreed that a collision as said the opposite
I am angry
often used wrongly then diminish the immense bad faith
but people who have been with me for years know it so
time problem
it is on the side of the emulators of always for cause always the maggie actress
nothing more they know how fast I am
rudy sincerely it's not
in euros there are some swim as offensive
you see what
it is the approach of this man of 45 years 40 years
what touched me%
deeply
and in europe
but I had been able to sit there he had a talent in this movie afraid that things
escape me a little
at the level of feelings in this dinner scene for example
but you do not want that
I will not overflow I did not want it to make your quote the asc
had to stop and if that could very well
Earl had to go into the water on the other side
but I stay on the a6 where the parts longer put aside or
the other
so I wished I could have been a little more s-res
little more worried for the future that's why we can be a little bit
more stuck in the back in this film than in others n
she acts
yerevan